Release Notes: `createCollection` log message for invalid properties and illegal combinations (#1433)
arangodb/docs: 3.12/release-notes-api-changes312.md

### Behavior changes

#### Collection API

When creating a collection using the `POST /_api/collection` endpoint, the

> ArangoDB log now displays a deprecation message if illegal combinations and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server log now displays a deprecation message if illegal combinations and
```

## JavaScript API

### Collection creation

> When creating a collection using the `db._create(collection-name, properties)`
> method, the ArangoDB log now displays a deprecation message if illegal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a collection using the `db._create()`, `db._createDocumentCollection()`, or
`db._createEdgeCollection()` method, the server log now displays a deprecation message if illegal
```
